Questions:
1) I want to remove some text fields without losing the ability to use them later... comment them out?
2) Ask codex to choose optimum description fields for SEO
3) are there ways to speed up SEO recognition? visit?

To Do:
--update "description field in astro page files, this becomes searchable terms for SEO, see line 7 in gallery.astr0
--remove "book a walkthrough" element from index.astro line 168
--does adding to image list *.ts in services, gallery, blog, etc... automatically insert cards on index as well as page?
--why does the contact us page constantly show up blank?
------does this relate to invisitext in free quote page?
--why is the astro file name and directory location different for the "blog" section?
----revisit this, this is obviously a dupe file name (hapened on next-prompt.md)
--need to revisit title/kicker/lede font
--need to update service cards, more accurate, more of them - "equipment evaluation", tile/skimmer/light inspection, fixture over haul (skimmer covers and baskets, wall returns, floor returns, main drain, etc..)
--deck services (beading, coping, cover anchors, pressure wash)
!!!! services page does not need kicker and lede. simplify. succinct services
!!!!!! definitely, mobile users shouldn't have to scroll to see options. 
!!!!!! this probably means smaller cards too
!! same thing for mobile blog, too much text on top - simplify
!! tighten up mobile customer login - consider "sign in with conf code" option?
!!! ask codex- how hard to just hide kickers and ledes in mobile? mobile is too crowded, delete entirely and desktop will probable be too bare
--shrink contact us lower banner
--are images necessary on blog post? maybe, but not the same pool, family of pool service icons? still, KISS, gotta get this done
--looking at testimonials, kicker font definitely needs to be smallery, or it needs to be in title? good idea!
--use title only in gallery? too much copy. pics of pool service, before/after, etc??? also less premium pools to be approachable. actually this trailer is good for the top: "we leave your pool beautiful"
-favicon name is mispelled, can I skip the the page specific text and just show the icon?

NON WEBSTIE
NEED POSTCARD MAILERS ASAP
-customer list data wrangling
---create geographical map
---email list plus mailchimp/etc..
---need domain email. zoho or pay for cloudflare?
---physical addresses
-postcard mailers specific to areas? (eg more premium for rye, kittery, etc...?)
-coupon codes for non-premium areas
-call former customers for references, soft sales intro or just get into it?

tech-
simulate CRM on cloudflare
openclaw

